[people chattering]
[child laughs]
-[child babbles]
-[parent] Here we go.
Get your newspapers!
We got room
for two more resource collectors!
-Who's in?
-O-Oh, me, I wanna go!
Holy moly! GAGA by Peat Moss.
You found a rare one, I'll tell you what.
If this still plays,
it's worth around 400k, easy-peasy.
[gasps] Really?
[CD player whirring]
[huffs, groans]
-Oh, dang! I really wanted to hear it!
-[cries]
[chuckles]
[video game music playing]
Someone sure is taking her time.
-[chuckles] Hey, kid.
-[thug 1 laughs]
Crocodile Quest lets you have
up to four people in your party, you know.
Why are you only using two?
You're not from around here,
are you, baby face?
If you're gonna play here,
you better speak when spoken to.
Hey, what's up?
You ever have the girl you're into
turn out to be a dude? Or nah?
-I have not. Never heard that one before--
-[gasps]
Who asked about that?
Pay attention! [grunts]
-[gasps]
-[thug 2] Punk kid.
Did your mama
never teach you about respect?
[sighs]
[grunts, groans]
[groans]
Hey.
[thug 1] Come on, once was enough.
You didn't have to break his nose!
You don't kick a man
when he's already down. Apologize!
-No, you're right.
-[thug continues groaning]
Hey, sorry--
-[blow lands]
-[Maru grunts, coughs]
[chuckles]
Take it outside, will you?
You're tearing up my shop.
[groans] Come on, man.
Not so tough now, are you?
Did you really think
you could pick a fight
and then just wriggle out of it?
-[thug 3] Yeah. Are you stupid or what?
-[Maru groans]
[thugs laughing]
[Maru laughs]
-[thug 1 grunts, groans]
-[thug 4 yelps, shuddering]
Wait, wait--
You brat! [strains]
[grunting]
What the hell?
This kid's a freaking monster!
[thug 4 shudders, screams]
[groaning]
[Kiruko grunts]
-Oh, hey, Sis.
-What the heck happened over here?
Whoa, it's-it's cool.
But don't just charge in here
without knowing what's going on.
What if this was, like, entirely my fault?
We've been hanging out for ages, dude.
I think I'd know by now if you were
the type to go around picking fights.
Besides, gangs like this
always have backup nearby.
So you gotta take them all out to be safe.
-Right…
-I'm being serious.
[gasps] Maru!
They knocked out a tooth.
-[Maru groans]
-Hey, wait. Let me see.
It'll grow back sooner or later.
No, it won't.
Adult teeth don't work that way!
[groans] Let's ditch this place.
We'll find somewhere to sleep
way away from here.
[Maru] I was born the same year
as the Great Disaster, apparently.
The first memories I have
are from about three or four years old.
I lived in some run-down building
with seven or eight other kids my age.
We were usually cold and pretty hungry,
but we had adults around
to help care of us,
so it wasn't that bad,
all things considered.
I was about seven when that school,
or whatever it was, shut down.
The adults split us up,
sent us to different places.
My group was all the orphans.
I don't know
where we were supposed to be going,
but we hopped from place to place
for about three years.
Lived on scraps.
At one point,
the adult who led our group got killed
in some kind of turf war.
We didn't have anywhere else to go,
so we went with the killer
and became part of their gang.
I was still working with them
until recently.
One day, Mikura turned up.
She said she was gonna take me in.
She was the one who taught me
how to kill Hiruko.
And, now we're here.
How did you feel about Mikura?
Like, did you think of her as a woman?
What?
Not really.
She was just the next person
I had to listen to to survive. So…
Hmm.
[Kiruko]
You don't fall in love easily, then?
[Maru] I-I-I don't know. Who cares?
But anyway, she only ever looked at me
with this kind of distant coldness
in her eyes.
She didn't really treat me like a human.
Okay.
Can you remember the name
of the town where she found you,
or where it was?
No. Until Mikura started telling me,
I never had any idea where I was.
And even then,
it kinda took a while for me
to understand how big Japan really is.
My life has basically consisted of
nothing but following adults around.
Drama queen!
Well, if you can't offer up
any new information…
You've heard this story
like a thousand times.
Not the point. Repeating yourself
can help you remember other details.
Memories are weird like that.
I read that somewhere once.
Oh. Speaking of books,
check out the other room.
There are tons in there.
We should sell them.
I'm way ahead of you.
I packed up the novels and comics
while you were asleep.
The more useful-looking books…
I'm gonna read 'em.
And then I'm gonna burn 'em.
Knowledge has more value
if you keep it to yourself.
[Maru] Huh. Okay.
Oh, that's a newspaper I found in town.
Maybe you could check it out
while I'm gone.
Oh, am I not coming with you? I thought--
Nah, your face will get us busted.
If the guys from yesterday recognize you,
we are screwed.
[groans] Hmm?
[groans]
It's all good!
It's a little swollen, but not busted.
[groans]
Oh, boy.
Listen to my words.
I'm not saying that your face is busted.
I'm saying your face will get us busted.
Hey, wait. If Mikura taught you
how to kill Man-eaters,
does that mean
she could use the Maru-Touch too?
No, she said only I can do it.
I don't know why,
but that's why I need to go to Heaven.
But I did notice that the poster
outside your office
said you could kill Man-eaters, too.
All's fair in love and marketing.
[thug 1 sighs]
Where'd he disappear to?
That stupid kid and his stupid hair.
I know you're mad
you got your asses kicked,
but let the punk go.
We should focus
on the Ministry of Reconstruction.
-You think they're nearby?
-[thug 1] Who knows?
No one ever has solid intel on those guys.
[Kiruko] Wow. Guess that Ministry rumor
is still alive and well…
[Robin] I've heard there's a group
out there abducting people
with certain skills and expertise
to try to get civilization
back to the way it used to be.
-[gasps]
-Are they gonna come to Asakusa?
It's just a rumor right now,
but it's possible.
But my sis told me the Reconstruction
was a pipe dream for old people.
Well, both can be true at once.
Wait a sec.
What if this is the reason that
all those people have gone missing lately?
Freaky.
I don't say this to scare you,
but because you're all pretty handy
with those electro-karts,
better act stupid
if any strangers show up asking questions.
Wanna practice acting stupid, then? Ran?
Um…
-Oh, you're good at it.
-Hey, I haven't started yet!
[all laughing]
[chuckles]
Kid probably left town by now.
I vote we give up and go home already.
Not yet. What if we leave and he shows up?
Don't worry. We'll grab him if we see him.
Iwata wants another round,
and I really want to see that!
Is he insane? There were eight of us there
yesterday, and he destroyed us all.
I'm not kidding, either.
That dude was like an explosive!
You couldn't pay me
to go one-on-one with him.
[chuckles]
My Maru is pretty tough.
"My Maru"? That's new.
Why am I so proud of him all of a sudden?
I'm just his bodyguard.
Once we get him to Heaven
and he finds what he's looking for,
I'll be on my own again.
[gasps]
What…
Maru?
Hey, Maru.
-[gasps]
-[wind howling]
[gasps, shudders]
[breathing heavily] No! Maru!
[panting]
Maru!
[breathing shakily]
[whimpers]
Where--
Hey. Shh.
Why are you yelling like that? I'm fine.
-[Kiruko breathing heavily]
-I'm hiding like I'm supposed to.
But why were you doing it
in the next apartment?
I wasn't doing any--
[groans] I mean, um…
I was just looking for any useful books
that you may have missed.
[stammers] Hey, wait!
There's nothing in there to see.
[Kiruko sighs] Oh. Okay.
You were just using porn. Okay.
[Maru groans] Don't say using!
I was looking.
Uh, but I wasn't, like, "looking."
Sis! What happened to you?
You're acting weird.
I can't believe I panicked like that,
but I really lost it, huh?
I got back, and you were gone.
-I thought you were--
-Ah.
-You can't just--
-[groans]
I thought I told you before.
Um, I might not always
be exactly where you left me--
-[Kiruko crying]
-[gasps]
[sniffles]
-Uh? [breathes heavily] Uh…
-[Kiruko shudders]
Sorry. Um, I-I messed up, okay?
I… was wrong?
You know, earlier when I was telling you
about my past and all that,
I thought maybe I was complaining
to someone
whose childhood was even worse than mine.
[Kiruko] Well, thanks.
-But you're still at half-mast, bud.
-[gasps]
Shut up! I-It's not because of you.
I was already halfway--
[gasps] No wait,
I wasn't halfway anywhere!
[whines] Shut up!
[Maru] There was this cool article
in that newspaper.
Before the Great Disaster,
humans built robots
to make life easier for them.
But then they started to get nervous
as the robots and AI and whatever
were watching them.
-[chuckles]
-[Maru] But the dumb thing is,
because they were all
so paranoid about it,
they just started watching each other.
They all started
to push their own agendas…
[muffled] …and eventually
slaughtered one another
until everything broke down.
[Kiruko] Yeah. The War Collapse Theory.
Sounds made-up to me.
Too much like an old fable, you know?
I think that story is just to say
life before wasn't Heaven.
I mean, if Heaven did exist then,
we'd have to travel to the past,
which of course we can't do.
I'm not sure about that.
Everyone who knows about life before
really wants to go back.
So what if, somewhere out there,
civilization has already been restored?
[computer beeping]
Hmm?
What the--
Is that…
[gasps]
…a footprint?
How is there a footprint up that high?
[instrumental music playing]
[bells jingling]
What's all this for?
We thought if Tarao heard something fun
going on, he might feel a little better.
[Taka straining]
Uh, what's he doing?
Oh. Before he was sick,
Tarao could pick up that rock.
He didn't just pick it up.
He could throw it all the way over there.
Tarao was quite strong, wasn't he?
[Taka] I can do it too!
[straining] You just watch…
[Taka groans]
[music ends]
[rhythmic beeping]
[steady beep]
[doctor] Time of death,
Ten'ei 17, October 16th, 11:34 p. m.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
[cries]
[robot teacher] Good morning, everyone.
Once you're dressed,
please report to the square
before going to breakfast.
Your classmate Tarao
passed away last night.
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[crying]
[Kuku crying]
Did Asura have the same disease?
[gasps]
Asura.
Yeah.
Or maybe, I don't know.
Mina, are we able to proceed
with Tarao's cremation yet?
[Mina] Yes. We have already taken
all the necessary samples.
It's awful. Simply awful.
This cannot happen again.
This is the second death
among the children.
With all due respect, no one
could have predicted Asura's suicide.
-That's not true.
-[gasps]
Asura was born into a body that
could not bear the burden of its mind.
[Director] We are responsible
for the sin of that birth.
And we alone are responsible
for the death that followed.
Too much cruelty was forced
upon that poor child.
They should be together.
Place Tarao's grave there, too.
What exactly made Tarao's illness
so worrisome? Was it rare?
It's the fact that a body
built with immunity to everything
developed an illness at all.
Now we know it's possible that
the rest of the children could fall ill.
[Director shouting]
Then we have a problem, don't we?
The Day of Fate is the only thing
that can't be changed.
So hurry up, figure out what this is
and cure it before it's too late!
[retching]
[breathes heavily]
[Tokio] Oh, no.
What is this? Am I sick too?
[Kiruko] Check it out.
I sold all the books I could fit
in my backpack
and now we've got ourselves a map.
That is the value of information.
All right. Now let's see.
"Water safety level: 50%."
What are these numbers
supposed to be based on?
The guy at the store said
they measure taste and clarity.
That's subjective.
[gasps]
"Water safety level: 100%."
Okay!
If there's anywhere with water that safe,
it's gotta be Heaven, right?
That's subjective.
-[footsteps approach]
-But,
I guess it couldn't hurt
to stop by and look.
[gasps]
Quiet! I can hear footsteps.
[whispers] I think there's somebody
in the building.
[footsteps continue]
-[knocking]
-[both gasp]
And they came straight for us.
Do you think that gang
figured out where we are?
It sounds like it's only one guy.
We can handle one guy, right?
I don't know? What are you gonna do
if he's, like, mega strong?
[stranger] I know you're in there!
I was on the ship with you.
Please let me in.
I spotted you in the tent city earlier.
Sorry I followed you back.
-But here. I'll get straight to the point.
-[chuckles]
I want to hire you to protect me.
Well, as long as we're headed
the same way, I'll think about it.
I'm not going too far.
Just to the Immortal Order.
-The Immortal Order?
-What is that?
Oh. Uh, that's
what I've always heard it called.
But maybe it has some other,
more official name.
I heard there's a doctor there
who can keep you alive forever.
A doctor. A doctor?
[stammers] Does he look like this?
[sighs] Well, I've never been there
myself, so I'm not sure.
Details!
[groans]
If you can't tell me,
then I can't be your bodyguard.
I won't take an assignment
from someone who doesn't trust me.
I trust you.
I saw what you did on that ship.
You just need to escort me
and this satchel.
You know those mutants that appeared
after the Great Disaster,
like the one that attacked the ship?
If you graft one onto a person,
they gain great power and immortal life.
Have you heard that before?
Okay, so that bag you're carrying is--
-Oh, no.
-[laughs]
Oh, yes! I'll show you.
But don't you dare touch it.
[both groan]
It looks kind of sloppy and rotten to me?
Hmm? It does? [gasps]
What? I swear, it wasn't like this
before it got on the ship.
Hey! Don't dump it out!
[stranger whimpers]
Why?
I finally got my hands on it and…
[crying]
Uh, sorry.
Where is that Indestructible Order
you mentioned?
Pretty sure it was "Immortal"?
[stranger cries]
Here, I'll buy the information from you.
You can use the money to buy yourself
a new Man-eater part, okay?
[stranger cries]
So, super-safe water first,
Immortal Order second?
If you want. It's a bit of a detour.
Yeah. It's not that far.
And who knows? Either one of those places
could be where Heaven is.
This is kind of creepy, though.
Take a look.
The location of the Order just says,
"Here, there be monsters."
[knocking]
Madam Director! Come quick!
Please don't crash about like that.
Tarao's body has been cremated,
but there's something--
Please deal with this matter yourself.
-[Director screaming]
-I'm sorry! But you need to see this!
[Director groans]
[grunts] What on earth is going on here?
[gasps]
Hmm?
What is that thing?